Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, we want to take the time right now just to thank all our servicemen and women.
I know a lot of you don't get enough appreciation.
I feel in my heart there's a lot of you that are still going through the trials of war, from your body being mangled up to all kinds of things.
You know, there's men that have lost their wives, there's women that have lost their husbands, and fathers and mothers that have lost their sons and daughters.
And I want to just take the time to say thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for sacrificing your life to make America great.
Because of people like you, we're free.
Because of people like you that have fought in those trenches, and went and got drafted in Vietnam, and all the terrible things of war, the things that you have seen, we pray peace over you today.
We pray peace over your mind today.
We pray peace that passes all understanding over you.
I know there's a lot of you; you email me and you tell me, "I'm battling with PTSD, and I have nightmares every night.
" And my goodness, I pray peace over you.
We know your sacrifice was great, and many people will never understand that sacrifice because they've not walked it.
And so we just want to take the time to say thank you.
Thank you for our country.
Thank you for fighting for us.
Because of you, we're not speaking another language.
We're Americans and we just want to say thank you.
God bless you.
So, we're going to go over some of the things that we spoke about last time in the last video.
You know, folks, I believe in God for big.
That is my motto.
It's what I teach my kids.
That's what I teach.
That's what my wife and I—we don't want to think small.
You know, it's like Oral Roberts said, "Make no little plans here.
" It's all over his campus.
"Make no little plans here.
Think big.
" So when you drive around, it's like Oral Roberts University.
You can go there so many times.
I go out there all the time.
Drive by every day almost and look at the campus because it inspires me to think and believe big—that that was somebody's faith, you know.
And so when I talk about driving around cars, I really don't have a desire to have a fleet load of cars, but I think that's the best the world has to offer: Cadillacs, Range Rovers.
That's what the Hollywood movie stars drive, you know.
And, you know, we don't have a Rolls-Royce dealership or Ferrari.
I drive around in those to inspire yourself to think bigger.
When you're raised in poverty, when you're raised in what I was raised in, you don't have an inward image of wealth to think bigger for God to do bigger because you're so used to thinking small.
You know, grandma was poor, her grandma was poor, everybody's been poor, and you'll be poor, too.
No, I'm redeemed from the curse.
And I believe poverty is a curse, regardless.
I've never seen anybody that's not able to pay their bills, struggling and eating Spam and doing things.
Well, people say, "I like Spam.
" Well, I don't.
I don't.
I personally don't.
That's my opinion.
So you know, you have people that are raised on certain things—Ramen noodles and things that you go, "Well, that's all we had because that's what we could afford.
" Living on food stamps, living on these things.
That's a curse.
True poverty is a curse.
It's not a blessing.
And people, you live in some of these remote areas in Haiti and Africa and in Asia or whatever, and you're living in a tin hut or whatever—that's not a blessing.
I look at what everybody goes to work for Monday through Friday.
The reason I say it, and I'm so strong about it, is because we all go to work every day to try to make the dream, to get enough money to put your kids through college, to pay your bills on time so they don't repo your car.
I've been there, and I know that those times were sorrowful.
That was hard.
And believing God to get extra, selling on eBay and Poshmark and doing these things that we've done, stepping out by faith and finding things.
There's even another level of, I see, wealth.
And the Bible says, "Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
" There's so much in the Bible about walking in abundance.
In abundance to the full, till it overflows.
Not living barely getting by and broke.
And yeah, people got you burned out because of the prosperity preaching and all that stuff, but I believe a lot of them started out good, trying to help out the body of Christ to break off the yoke of bondage, because I'm telling you, there's a lot of bondage with poverty.
And I'm not saying that there's no bondage with prosperity, because there are a lot of people that lose themselves in it, and it is what it is.
But I think there's a happy medium that you can have blessing as long as the blessing doesn't have you.
So, that's what I'm talking about: getting that inward image of the blessing and walking in an abundance so you can help those around you.
Help those around you.
I've seen people—man, I wish, you know, you drive by and you see somebody that they don't have nothing, you're looking at them going, "Man, I wish I had a little extra to help them out.
" But there's so much blockage in the mind when it comes to the devil trying to tell you you can't have nothing.
He doesn't wrestle with you trying to bless you.
You know what happened with me?
Let me tell you.
I'll be real with you right now.
Satan himself came to my house, and I used the visions that I have—he showed me all the wealth.
He said, "If you bow your knee to me, if you bow your knee to me, I will give you all this wealth.
" I saw jets, I saw houses, I saw Ferraris, I saw all this.
He said, "If you serve me and use the gift that you have for seeing for the kingdom of darkness, I will give you everything that your heart's desire.
" He showed it all to me.
I saw his palace, and it was black onyx, and blood was flowing from his throne, and it was just similar to what happened, I believe, to what happened to Jesus: "If you serve me, I'll give you all this.
I'll give you the kingdoms of the earth.
" To make a long story short, because I don't like talking about the darkness, there's nothing the devil has to offer in all that that I wanted.
I want the anointing.
I want the presence of the Father.
And in Him, there's peace.
There's joy.
There's all those things.
The devil has nothing good to offer.
I've had, what, three visitations like that.
The last one was to challenge the Word.
And he spoke to me, and I said, "Are you coming to offer the kingdoms again?
" And he said, "No.
Once you reject me once, I never come and offer you anything again.
I'm coming to challenge the Word.
" You know, like I said, I don't talk about the darkness.
But I want you to know that even the devil tries to entice people with wealth.
Why?
Because it's what the world wants.
We wake up every day, Monday through Friday, like I said.
But how much can you be a believing believer and have it, and show the world that you can have Jesus and the blessing?
You can have Jesus and the blessing.
So, that's not my message for today, but I feel like a lot of people are hung up on poverty, and I refuse to take that vow.
I refuse to take it for my kids.
I want generational wealth.
I'm believing for what He showed me about the cryptocurrencies.
I'm believing for what He showed me about gold and silver, and what He showed me about these things.
And I'm standing on what the Lord has showed me.
I stand on that.
Now, everything the Lord does, it's like I told Dino.
We were talking about the anointing and the increase of the anointing.
It seems to go with the price of the anointing and the price of walking in the glory.
It seems to go through—you seem to go through the winepress where you feel the pressure of things.
The character it takes to sustain it costs you something.
You can't get that in the world.
You can't walk in that kind of glory from the world.
The devil can't offer that.
What that is, is it's coming straight out of the throne room.
And it was all bought and paid for by the blood of Jesus, folks.
But I'm telling you, there is a price to pay for the anointing.
There is a price to pay for walking in the glory.
It comes through pressure.
It comes through the refiner's fire.
And most people don't want to hear that.
But I've studied and I've looked at every single person that has walked in a great anointing, and they've all had a refiner's fire.
They've all had pressure on them to the point where I thought, 'Does it look like they could make it out of it?
' where your head is pulled underneath that water and you're grasping for air, and all you want and all you think about is just to get your next breath.
It comes out of that pressure.
How bad do you want change?
How bad do you want the glory?
How bad do you want the anointing on your life?
It comes through something: the press, an oil press.
Like whenever you see those olive oil presses and they're pressing that oil, and the more that oil presses down on there and clamps down on there, it presses all that good oil out of those olives.
That's the way it is with you.
Staying on the potter's wheel, staying on that wheel, dying to self.
He's the potter, we're the clay.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be known of him and not of us.
I'm so desperate, and I thought, 'Why do I want so badly the anointing?
Why do I want to see that?
Is it for self-glory?
' No.
My heart, when I see children with special needs like my Megan, who is overcoming—she's getting better and better every day.
When I see that, you feel helpless without it.
There's nothing you can do in the natural to fix it other than the anointing and a prayer.
So the more I see it, it comes out of my spirit.
It comes out of my spirit to see children of Down's and to know that there's more, that God is a God that is able to heal, that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
It's like when I, one person, sowed a seed, and I sowed it by faith, but it was a sacrificial seed for Diana and me.
We did it recently.
And they said, 'Well, we're believing for a hundredfold return.
' And I said, 'But what I want is not monetary.
' Truly, I try to stretch myself to believe for more because I know what it takes to have a staff, to hire somebody to help us.
And that's going to take a lot of money to go and say, 'Well, I'm going to relieve Diana of all this pressure on Diana to answer all these emails and all this stuff all the time so she can focus on other things, to hire an employee.
' Well, that's going to take money.
Well, that stretches me.
So I have to believe more, to believe God for somebody else's salary because they're dependent on you for their check.
But the whole part of what I'm after is not money.
I'm after God, and I want him.
And in him, I want the anointing so bad, and I go, 'Lord, there's a balance of everything.
' But I'm like, 'Man, don't you all understand what I'm saying?
' I say, 'You just want to see the dead raised?
You just want to see blinded eyes open.
You want to see ears pop open.
You want to see people get out of wheelchairs.
' But you say, 'Well, Brandon, I've never seen that before.
' But I know that it exists.
There's a level of the anointing that I know exists.
I've experienced it, but to maintain it and keep it and not get into the flesh...
Like certain preachers that I've seen on platforms, they had a great anointing, but it seems like they've lost it now.
It's not as strong, definitely.
And I've seen a lot of them, and you go, 'Where's that fire?
What happened?
You had it in the '90s.
You had it in the early 2000s, but then it just kind of died.
' I don't want to be a flame that shrivels up, that goes away, that gets put out.
I want to live long and finish strong.
But I've told the Lord many times, if I'm not able to handle this, if I'm not able to preach the gospel to the nations and I'm going to stumble and fall like some of these people through trials—their moral failures or whatever.
And you see what happened even in our old church.
So many people were hurt.
So many people turned away from the Lord.
When you see a moral failure, when you see these things, if I'm not able to handle it, and I don't want to ever be arrogant and say that I am able to...
'Oh, that would never happen to me,' because you see some of the greatest fall.
I said, 'Lord, I'd rather not have it at all than cause a million people to fall.
' That's what I'm trying to tell y'all, because of something that I don't see in myself.
So I examine myself every day like that, because I see people on huge platforms that get really big, get a lot of money, and then they're ruined by it.
I can name a bunch of them right now.
But I don't judge them.
I just don't want to be accountable for hurting people like that.
Does that make sense?
It's important to me to always be transparent, always be a person that...
we all have stuff we're going through, folks.
We're always...
but I'm just me.
I don't want to ever be exalted like you look at a celebrity.
I'm just me.
Now, I know there are certain lines when you show up at my PO box and you camp outside—like I'm mentioning somebody right now—and you demand to want to pray for my little girl and you say that God sent you to pray for her.
And then you sit out there and you creep out the postal workers so much that they said if you show up again, they're calling the cops because you think that God's called you.
Now, folks, I don't want to be...
there's some weirdness out here in the body of Christ.
There needs to be some stability.
And I feel like it's not taught.
You just don't go trying to lay hands on people's kids thinking because you feel like God's called you to.
God didn't tell me that.
And I don't know why I get off on that, but it is something that still bothers me, that there are people that are just consistently coming to my church trying to touch my kid because you feel you have an anointing on you to pray for my Megan.
You'll never touch my child.
Never.
That's my child.
And if God calls me to have somebody pray for my child, I'll take my child to that person.
But you're not called to come laying hands on people unless God...
unless I feel peace about it.
And that's happened several times now.
And it makes me, quite frankly, I get irate when I get in the car.
I told...
my son knows, everybody: do not touch my children.
Do not touch me.
That's why I said the Bible says do not lay hands on a man suddenly.
And I do not, after encounters that I've had, I do not allow people to pray for me unless the Holy Spirit tells me to let them.
I just don't.
I would advise you to be wise about it too.
You are not touching me.
You're not touching my wife.
You are not touching my children.
So, it is what it is.
But I felt like I need to say that.
So, don't come to my PO box, try to knock on my house, find out where I live so you think you can lay hands on me and touch me or I'm going to touch you.
Okay.
God bless you.
So, you know, I feel like it's important I say these things.
There's an importance of the anointing and being hungry and impartation by the Spirit of God.
But I don't need people laying hands on me for impartation.
I need Jesus.
I need Jesus in these last days, finding where it comes through prayer.
Obviously, it comes through prayer, but it comes through sitting at his feet.
Moses had an experience with a burning bush, and the Father was in the bush.
I could go on.
You can go on.
David had this down, you know.
Come on.
There's so much impartation that didn't come from laying on hands, other than David had an impartation from the prophet.
But I look and say, 'God, where are you?
I just need you.
' The Smith Wigglesworths, the John G.
Lakes, the Kathryn Kuhlman's all had impartation from him sitting at his feet.
I'm just desperate.
I'm just desperate for an end-time move.
I'm desperate for what we've not seen before.
I know what's coming: the visions that I've had about the outpouring, the visions that I've had about the last outpouring of the healing revival and the demonstrations, the manifestations.
And I thought, 'What is the domino to tip it?
' Jesus did nothing without his Father.
Nothing.
Everything Jesus did was sitting at the Father's, going up in the mountains praying.
Apart from him, he said, 'I do nothing.
' So if Jesus did that, then what?
That's what I'll do.
Mary put—I've always said this—Mary put a demand on the anointing that was on Jesus's life at the marriage feast whenever he turned the water into wine.
I know, putting a demand on it saying, 'Father, I thank you when you lay hands on someone that you're the healer.
You're the deliverer.
' I get that.
But it's like the woman with the issue of blood.
She reached out and touched the hem of the garment, and she put a demand on that anointing and she said, 'If I just touch the hem of his garment, I can be made whole.
' Her faith made her whole.
But she reached out in faith, and she grabbed onto something, and she pulled.
She pulled.
You pull in your spirit.
You pull.
It's like, 'I'm desperate.
I'm desperate.
' And in that desperation, he says, 'Those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, the door will be opened unto them.
' So in desperation, I'm just seeking him.
I'm pulling on that.
'Father, I need a touch.
Father, I'm desperate.
Father, I'm thirsty.
Father, I need more of you.
I need more revelation of you.
' You say, 'I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
' Then I need to give you more of me.
Something's off because I want to be at the spout where the glory comes out.
I want to be where he's at.
I want that fire on me so strong that my shadow passes by and people are healed.
Waking up every day with expectation for manifestation of the glory on your life.
Not going and saying, 'Well, it's just another average day,' but when people see you, they see Jesus.
Do you hear what I'm saying, folks?
There is a point of that glory that I'm talking about where all this church politics—I'm so done with it.
'Are you on my YouTube channel?
Are you going to be on collabs?
' All this stuff.
I just want Jesus.
'Well, you didn't come to my conference and...
' I just want Jesus.
And who said we're going to feel a presence all the time?
But that's what I'm after.
I want him.
I'm so desperate for him.
I want a fresh drink every day.
And I do these videos, and I try to be as vulnerable as I can to teach you all how I've done this through my life.
It's very awkward.
People have no idea—I mean, now it's grown to like 60,000 every day.
Every time I do this, 60,000 people—it's a lot, and everybody has a critic about it, and it's just me being me.
All I can do is just be me.
I don't know how else to do it other than to try to teach you the intimacy of my relationship with him.
And it's so intimate, and it's so personal to me.
And it's like having so many people criticize it and you go, 'But it's pure to me.
' All I know is that I love him and I seek him with all my heart because he's my friend, and in my desperation, he visits.
All this other crap doesn't matter to me.
It truly doesn't.
Popularity, whether you show up or not, I just do it because he asked me to.
If he tells me to stop tomorrow, I will.
Trust me, it's more convenient for me to stop.
But I do it.
I do it because he said, 'I want you to do it for me.
' And I said, 'I'll do it for you.
Help me.
' And it's not easy for my flesh because I'm a very reclusive person.
I try to be real with people on social media, but I don't like them knowing my business.
I don't like them in my circle, my space.
In fact, I truly never even talked to my family.
I've been that way my whole life.
Really, a person who kind of goes in his room and just does his own thing, but I have intimacy with the Father and I just want to talk to him.
Do you want a God that you can talk to?
I'm not religious.
It's a relationship with me.
But I expect him to show up, just like I expect my wife to talk back to me if I'm talking to her in the car, and if she doesn't, I'll say, 'You're being rude,' or vice versa, right?
Don't you in a relationship?
Well, I expect him to talk.
If you don't talk, you're being rude, right?
Well, that's God.
No, it's relationship.
He's my friend.
I expect him to talk.
And if he doesn't talk, I've done something wrong.
I've either upset him, just like if I've hurt Diana or I've said something rude, she doesn't talk.
I'm like, 'What's wrong?
I got to make it right.
What did I say?
I did something rude.
' Does that make sense?
Well, it's a relationship.
And most people look at it and go, 'Well, it's the thouest.
I'm going to take it and I'm going to be all religious today, and I'm going to sit at his feet, and I'm going to move him.
' I just look at him and say, 'Hey, Jesus, I'm having a bad day today.
Today sucked.
I need help.
' You know, I try to be as real as I can with the Father.
You know, whenever you get real with God, God gets real with you.
I say it all the time.
That's real.
That comes out of me.
When you get real with God, God will get real with you.
All this religious crap is just crap.
People falling morally, people messing up with church finances—all this stuff is crap.
Where is he at in any of it?
I just go, 'Man, I just want him.
' But I look at it and say, 'It's a model.
If they've been successful and they have this, maybe I have to do that to try to get it to work.
' It's like, maybe if you pull this lever, you've got to believe for so much, you've got to have an employee, you've got to...
I don't know.
I'm walking this out by faith with y'all.
I'm just being real.
I ain't done nothing to this.
God said to make a mega ministry.
He wants me to do all this stuff—have a TV channel one day.
All these things he's telling me to do.
I go, 'A new Daystar, a new all this stuff?
' I'm like, 'What?
' Do you know what I'm saying?
The things he pulls you to do and he tells you you're going to do, I just go, 'I don't know how to get there other than by trusting him.
' So, you're on the journey with me.
That's all I really had for y'all today.
I just talk off my heart.
I'm just real.
I can't stand all this fakeness.
We've got pastors with these big heads and ministers with these big heads and you can't approach them, you can't talk to them.
Well, you know, and I get that.
Maybe now because people want to touch you, be weird—it's like, whatever.
Maybe that's what they've come into, and that's the kind of standard they had to set up.
Maybe that's what I'm learning, is that maybe I need to be more guarded and have more boundaries so that I'm not more approachable than what I am.
But I promised myself I wouldn't be like some of these people.
And I look at them—well, maybe they are the way they are because there are people that are really weird.
So, in all that, I have to say, "Hey, maybe I don't blame them.
" And the more I'm into this, I go, "Oh, there are some strange folks up in here.
I'm not weird like that.
" I just go, "Hey, let's just shake hands and be cool.
Let's not be spiritual weird," you know?
I'm going, "You're like on another planet.
Are you even for real?
Are you from here?
Like, hello?
" You know, some folks kind of trip you out a little bit.
They trip Braden out.
They all be trying to touch him and stuff, and he's like, "I want to pray for you," and he's like, "No, don't touch me.
" In church, they grab a hold of him, and it's just creepy.
Just creepy.
It's like, "Who are you?
I don't know you.
" So, all right.
Well, there you go.
I want to just jump right into prayer with y'all.
I don't have a lot of time here, so I'm trying to do a video for you today.
I'm waiting on the air conditioning guy to come.
My air conditioner went out the other day.
I just go, "Okay, well, I'm waiting on my air conditioner to be fixed now.
" So, I'm taking communion with y'all now.
And so, we just stand.
That's what we do in our household whenever things happen.
So we just go, "Okay, God, thank you.
Thank you for your body.
Thank you, Father, that you were bruised.
You were beaten.
You took it all on the cross for me.
This is part of my covenant.
This is what you did for me, Father, so that I don't have to have sickness in my body.
From the top of my head to the soles of my feet, I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you took it all from me.
You were bruised.
You were beaten.
You were maimed.
You did it all for Brandon.
You did it all for Diana, Megan, Paisley, all of us.
You became sickness for us.
And Father, we lift up this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
And I take it in the name of Jesus.
I'm healed.
" Are you healed?
Why?
I take this.
I'm healed.
Why?
Because he's flowing through me.
There's no sickness in Jesus.
There's no sickness in him.
He can't give you something he doesn't have.
"Well, God gave me this.
" No, God can't give you something he doesn't have.
God can't give you something that he doesn't have.
"Well, God tempted me to sin.
" No, he doesn't tempt you to sin.
The Bible says that if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
The devil comes to do those things.
But God didn't do that.
Your flesh—you are enticed by your own lust, your own flesh.
You've got to crucify your flesh.
God didn't do it.
The devil tempts you, and he'll mess with you, but you're the one that chose to do it, right?
He can't force you to do it is what I'm trying to say.
The devil can't force you to sin; you did it on your own.
The Bible says in James 4:7, "Submit yourselves therefore unto God.
Resist the devil, and he will flee.
" So we have the ability to submit ourselves to the Lord.
The Bible said that.
So is the Bible a lie?
No.
That means we just need to be better at submitting and resisting.
I'm not going to mess up anymore.
And I take this blood right now, and I thank you, Father.
I may have messed up today, but this covers it all.
This is the mercy seat.
People get all hung up on communion and where you got it from, whatever.
This is just my heart.
I thank you, Father, that you forgive me.
Thank you, Lord, that you cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Thank you, Lord, that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life today.
Thank you, Father, that I'm seated at your throne with you.
I do this by faith, Father, as a relationship in Jesus' name.
Hallelujah!
Aren't you excited?
He gave it all for us.
He became sickness for us.
He delivered us by his blood.
Either you believe it or you don't.
That's where I'm at with it.
All that yesterday—the Valley of the Bones and all the things I talked about, man, that was amazing.
If you didn't watch that video and you're just watching this one, go back and watch the Valley of the Bones.
The presence of the Lord was so strong.
He said, "Can these bones live?
" And I knew he wasn't talking about real bones.
He was talking about spiritually dead people, is what I felt inside.
And that was amazing.
All the things he showed me, the glory, the glory!
So, let's pray today.
I'm going to take some time with y'all and just pray and see what the Lord has for us.
I might have to end this prayer time abruptly because I have the air conditioning man coming, and I just want to let you all know that.
So, I'm going to pray for you as long as I can, and then I might have to just end it, and then you can watch this video.
I wanted to make you a video today, but I have a lot going on.
So, let's pray, and let's see what the Lord does here for this time that I have.
So, Father, I just thank you.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
I thank you for intimacy, Father.
I thank you, Father, that you become real to these people today.
There's so many people here that have no idea who you truly are.
They have a religious mindset, not a relationship.
And Father, I thank you that you become that relationship to them, that they allow themselves to be vulnerable and to allow you to be their friend.
You are an ever-present help in a time of need.
You're always there.
You're wanting to be our friend, if we would just acknowledge it.
God is not the one resisting; we are the ones being dumb.
He's the one that's always there saying, "Hey, I love you.
I want to be your friend.
You just have a religious mindset.
You need to renew your mind to being real with me, and I'll be real with you.
" So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that today's the day for a new opportunity for them to say, "I want to let you in.
" I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father, that it's not hard.
It's not hard.
We make it hard.
So, Father, I want to pray.
We pray, Father, for that supernatural relationship.
You say, "Would you just let me in?
Would you just let me in?
Let me be your friend today.
Let Jesus Christ be your friend today.
" The Holy Spirit is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's closer than a brother.
He is your friend.
He is your companion.
He'll never leave you, and he'll never forsake you.
He said, "Lo, unto the end of the earth, I will be with you always, Brandon.
" "Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I fear no evil, for you are with me.
Your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
" I believe, Father, that that rod and that staff is a big staff, and you're up there beating those devils in the head for me, helping me out.
Father, you gave me the authority of the believer so that I can speak and call those things that be not as though they were, that I can bind and loose and do the things that you told me I can do.
Thank you, Father, that I'm wall-to-wall Holy Spirit today, that you dwell on the inside of me richly in the name of Jesus.
And that it's not all religious and weird.
Father, it's just like talking to my wife or my son or my daughter.
It's just real.
Oh, breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord.
Come breathe upon me, breath of God.
Come breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We're so thirsty.
We're so desperate.
We need a fresh touch today.
Our flesh needs healing today.
We need new things in our bodies—our joints, our blood, and our organs to function right.
All these people need so many things: their eyes to be healed, their ears...
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you are our healer.
All this mental distress going on with their minds, Father, with torment in their sleep, torment in their minds, torment in their brains.
Father, you're the healer.
I pray over men today and over their bodies, over their reproductive organs, and they're believing for children, and there are so many people that need so many healings.
They're dealing with cancers.
They're dealing with diabetes.
They're dealing with heart disease.
They're dealing with strokes, cancers of the stomach, of the prostate, of the liver, over their colons, leukemia, and all kinds of things.
But Jesus, you said in your word that, "By my stripes you're healed.
" We receive what you say we have.
We receive it today.
But Father, we want intimacy, too.
Our sins are washed.
We're there, and we're sitting at your feet.
And we seek you, Father, right now.
And we pray in the spirit.
And oh, Father, for people's marriages.
We call forth marriages to be restored.
We call forth marriages to be whole.
Father, there's blessing on the marriages that are represented here right now.
That there is no strife.
There's peace that passes all understanding.
Father, I pray for peace, a special peace over the marriages today represented here.
And I thank you, Father, that their children that are wayward are coming home.
And Father, we thank you for you said you inhabit the praises of your people today.
We pray intimacy on their marriages, Father, for a new stirring in their marriage.
Father, what made them attracted to them before?
What made them want to get married before?
Maybe it was lust, whatever.
But I believe that there's a rekindling, a refiring of the fire inside of them, Father, that they would have an intimacy again in that marriage.
That husbands who say, "I don't want to be in this anymore," and wives who say, "I don't want to be in this," Father, they'll find that intimacy and that love again.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you that children who are being rebellious, Father, you said train up a child in the way they should go and when they get older, they'll not depart from it.
Father, you said spare the rod and spoil the child.
Father, that we discipline in love, not in anger, but in love.
And we lead our children in the way of the word.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the way of the word.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that if we do this, they'll not depart from it.
They'll not depart from it.
So, it's a promise.
So, God, we're expecting.
The promises of God are yes and amen.
We call those children who are wayward home in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that every person who's believing for somebody to be born again in this broadcast right now, their unsaved loved ones are saved in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that the unsaved loved ones are saved in Jesus' name.
We say, "Satan, take your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.
" Father, you said that the Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
So we thank you, Lord, that according to Ephesians, the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
We say that their eyes are flooded with light and they would know that Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life.
We call them saved.
We call them born again in the name of Jesus.
Father, that not one should perish but all come to repentance.
We call those unsaved loved ones saved in the name of Jesus.
We call them into the kingdom of God.
We call them restored in the name of Jesus into fellowship with you.
We thank you, Lord, that nothing's impossible.
All things are possible to him who believes.
And we believe today that we receive our unsaved loved ones born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Father, the same with our lives today.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for intimacy.
We thank you, Lord, that we're coming up to a higher level from glory to glory.
You're changing us.
You're changing us, the love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
Thank you.
From glory to glory, He's changing me, changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfecting in me.
The love of God shown to the world, for He's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord.
For He's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing me, changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfecting in me.
The love of God shown to the world, for He's changing.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Wow.
From earthly things to the heavenlies.
Thank you, Father, for healing our bodies today.
Thank you, Father, for delivering us today, that the pricks stop.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
He's parting the Red Seas today.
He's parting your seas today.
He's parting the seas today, so that you're able to walk upon the dry land.
You're crossing over to the other side.
There's no more staying over there.
This is spiritually speaking.
Physically, financially, He's parting the seas for you.
It's time to walk through.
You've camped there long enough.
It's time.
It's time to arise and shine.
For the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
It's the glorious church.
The glorious church will rise.
He's parting the sea.
He's parting that sea.
It's time for you to walk across onto the new dry land.
Oh, you've camped there long enough.
You've camped there long enough.
That's what we talked about last time as having a victim mentality.
Staying in those caves, coming out of those caves, coming out of that mentality of bondage thinking.
No more bondage.
That's what He's saying: "Come out of that mentality of thinking.
" Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
For You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Lord.
From glory to glory, He's changing us, changing us, changing us.
Release him and let him go.
You've been bound by fear.
You've been bound with fear.
We take authority over fear in the name of Jesus.
For perfect love casteth out all fear.
Perfect love casteth out all fear.
Thank you, Lord.
They're free today.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
They're free today.
They're walking across that dry land.
They're walking across the dry land today.
They have the greater one inside of them.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
Healed and whole and well.
Satan, take your hands off of their flesh, from diabetes to heart disease to all these things.
Let them go.
Thank you, Lord.
Type two, type one, it don't matter.
We are healed and whole and well.
You're healed and whole and well.
Healed and whole and well, delivered.
I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, and this is painful menstrual cycles.
He's healing painful menstrual cycles.
Like, very bad, painful menstrual cycles, very, very, very painful.
Like, you cramp up and it's hurting to the point where you almost cannot function.
You ladies, the Lord said you're healed of that in the name of Jesus.
Receive it right now.
Say, "I receive my healing.
I receive my healing from painful menstrual struggles, heavy, heavy cycles, hurting, painful.
" This is a curse.
You're redeemed from the curse.
Painful menstrual cycles is a curse.
You're not going to live in none of that no more.
Say, "I'm redeemed.
I'm healed.
I'm whole.
I'm well in Jesus' name.
Cramping, bloating, pain, PMS, all the things, I call gone in Jesus' name.
" Delivered.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over that, ladies, in Jesus' name.
That's what I heard Him say.
That's just what I heard Him say.
Now, the Lord said there's actually lumps in the breast, lumps like cysts.
They're like knots from the cycles, the stuff that's going on with the cycle.
I see there's like knots, and it's painful, tender breast tissue.
I call it healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
I call those glands and all these things with the change of life, with menopause and all these symptoms of menopause, we call healing and wholeness and wellness in the mighty name of Jesus.
Body, line up with the word of God, not to go through the change and have all these hormone things going on.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
Father, I call them healed and whole and well over tender breasts, over tender bodies.
We call them well from these knots.
Whatever is going on with that, I don't understand it, but the Lord said they're healed.
He said, call it in, it's related to hormones—related to hormones for estrogen, estrogen over the ovaries, the ovaries, over the uterus, over the walls, over all this going on with this.
You're healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
We call you healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
Delivered—delivered from having emotions go all over the place, almost like it's bipolar, almost like your emotions are all happy one moment, sad and crying another.
It's like emotions like pregnancy hormones, all these things going on.
It's like split personality almost, making you feel like you're crazy, but it's not.
It's hormone-related, it's hormones, and you're not split personality, you don't have all these things going on with you.
The mind is trying to tell you, "Well, you've got bipolar," all these things.
It's hormones.
Lord, I'm hearing this: it's to do with the estrogen.
Estrogen, we're speaking to the ovaries, speaking to these things to be healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
I don't know who that was for, maybe more than one, probably a lot, probably a bunch of you, for what I saw is a sea of women there.
This is going on because of the foods and the water and the things we're being contaminated with.
We're drinking, and it's messing with our food, and it's causing hormones to be off in people.
Testosterone off in men, it's because of the food, they're messing with our stuff.
And we're standing on the scripture that says that we can eat any deadly thing and it will not harm us, we can drink any deadly thing and it will not harm us.
I have to go, the man's here so he's waiting on me.
Please subscribe if you haven't subscribed, click the notification bell.
Thank you for joining me today.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.